[Autogenerated] by the way, from the data source Explorer View.
I can also click on this button to open a sequel.
Scrapbook.
What is his scrapbook?
It is just an empty sea Queller statement Feiler that is
automatically connected to the connection profile I have
selected in the data source Explorer.
So if, for instance,
I type in a another query select count from User see like this
coda and run it using the old see short cut,
I will have my sequel results in the sequel results view here.
And if I want to see the results,
I need to click on this button here to see that I have six users in my table,
which is, of course, the expected result.
Now, if I run a the reducer coda here,
let us move this view that is going to read the content of the table,
make it a list of Fuser object and print out its user.
That was from this coda as a job application.
Ana watched the result on the console, and indeed,
I have all the content off my table that is displayed by this coat.
I can, of course, savor this scrapbook, for instance,
in the Fight of folder Scrap book.
That's equal.
Okay, this scrapbook has been saved.
So this is crab Book stuff is a very convenient way to launch
various queries er on the database to save them. Manu, parade them, modify them, etcetera.